[ios] Add changelog entry for #15562 (#15563)
mapbox/mapbox-gl-native: platform/ios/CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue that caused the tilt gesture to trigger too easily and conflict with pinch or pan gestures. ([#15349](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15349))
* Fixed a bug with annotation view positions after camera transitions. ([#15122](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15122/))

> * Fixed a rendering issue of `collisionBox` when `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textTranslate` or `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.iconTranslate` is enabled. ([#15467](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15467))

Reviewer: Is `collisionBox` also something that can be qualified with a class (so it can also be linked to by/in jazzy)?

* Fixed an issue where the scale bar text would become illegible if iOS 13 dark mode was enabled. ([#15524](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15524))

>  * Enable use of `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textOffset` option together with `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textVariableAnchor` (if `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textRadialOffset` option is not provided). If used with `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textVariableAnchor`, input values will be taken as absolute values. Offsets along the x- and y-axis will be applied automatically based on the anchor position. ([#15542](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15542))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Enabled use of the `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textOffset` option together with `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textVariableAnchor` (if the `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textRadialOffset` option is not provided). ([#15542](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-gl-native/pull/15542))
```

Reviewer: I think we should remove this part: "If used with `MGLSymbolStyleLayer.textVariableAnchor`, input values will be taken as absolute values. Offsets along the x- and y-axis will be applied automatically based on the anchor position.”

... because it seems much more like content that’s not relevant to a changelog and that should instead exist in documentation.
